pidstat - Report statistics for Linux tasks.

pidstat -p `pidof CiLLBServer` -r 2
check the "RSS"

-> RSS: Ram usage in KB
-> -p: PID
-> -r: interval

EXAMPLES
       pidstat 2 5
              Display five reports of CPU statistics for every active task in the system at two second intervals.

       pidstat -r -p 1643 2 5
              Display five reports of page faults and memory statistics for PID 1643 at two second intervals.

       pidstat -T CHILD -r 2 5
              Display five reports of page faults statistics at two second intervals for the child processes of all tasks in the system. Only child  pro-
              cesses with non-zero statistics values are displayed.

----------------------------------              

-r
Report page faults and memory utilization.
When reporting statistics for individual tasks, the following values are displayed:

	PID
		The identification number of the task being monitored.
	minflt/s
		Total number of minor faults the task has made per second, those which have not required loading a memory page from 	disk.
	majflt/s
		Total number of major faults the task has made per second, those which have required loading a memory page from 	disk.
	VSZ
		Virtual Size: The virtual memory usage of entire task in kilobytes.
	RSS
		Resident Set Size: The non-swapped physical memory used by the task in kilobytes.

	Command
		The command name of the task.

-u     Report CPU utilization.

              When reporting statistics for individual tasks, the following values are displayed:

              PID
                     The identification number of the task being monitored.

              %usr
                     Percentage of CPU used by the task while executing at the user level (application), with or without nice priority.  Note  that  this
                     field does NOT include time spent running a virtual processor.

              %system
                     Percentage of CPU used by the task while executing at the system level (kernel).

              %system
                     Percentage of CPU used by the task while executing at the system level (kernel).

              %guest
                     Percentage of CPU spent by the task in virtual machine (running a virtual processor).

              %CPU
                     Total  percentage  of  CPU time used by the task. In an SMP environment, the task’s CPU usage will be divided by the total number of
                     CPU’s if option -I has been entered on the command line.
